Added HKActivitySummary extensions (#875)
SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift: CHANGELOG.md

  - Added new `+`, `+=`, `-` and `-=` operator extensions for tuple (width: CGFloat, height: CGFloat). [#841](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/841) by [hamtiko](https://github.com/hamtiko)
- **WKWebView**:
  - Added `loadURL(_:)` and `loadURLString(_:)` extensions for `WkWebView`. [#851](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/851) by [hamtiko](https://github.com/hamtiko)
- **HKActivitySummary**:

>   - Added `isStandGoalMet`, `isExerciseGoalMet`, and `isEnergyGoalMet`. [#875](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/875) by [lhygilbert](https://github.com/lhygilbert)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Added `isStandGoalMet`, `isExerciseTimeGoalMet`, and `isEnergyBurnedGoalMet `. [#875](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/875) by [lhygilbert](https://github.com/lhygilbert)
```
